Shop.java is a very simple program that helps a store index all its available movies and games, and calculates the rental price for each product.


Step 1: Code review
Create a new empty project and place in it Shop.java
Look how the program Shop.java works: Run as Java application.
Test all functionality, briefly describe your own input and output on paper, this will be reused after refactoring to see if there are no errors crept in!
Have principles been violated, write down: what and why?
Step 2: Refactor
Even without any additional requirements, you can immediately see that this program was flanked without too much thought. It's up to you to make sure that the basic program gets a better OO build up. Refine the existing code:

start with a detailed class diagram - be sure to think about it:
Structure of the project: which packages, why?
inheritance, abstract classes, polymorphism, ... (OOP)
only then work out in code - certainly think about this:
TIP: do this in a new project, and not in the existing one!
exceptions
Testing (repeat your "user-test" from the beginning!)

Step 3: add functionality
Now extend the existing code, (work in order, test each question and make sure it works before you start the next one):

The store decides to rent out CDs as well, this should also be possible with the program. (cost: 1.5€/day)
I want to be able to request a list of all the products in the shop, sorted as follows: first the movies, then the games, then the CDs. The list shows the category, id and description of the products.
I want the IDs of new products to be calculated automatically (new ID is 1 higher than the highest ID in the product list).
I want to be able to use the program to enter that an available product is now being loaned.
I want to be able to see whether a product is available or loaned by entering its ID
When I close my program, I want all products to be written to a file (shop.txt).
I want all items to be read from a file (shop.txt) at the start of my program.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator